Note subdomain config differentiation (#365)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-protocol.md

/.well-known/token-issuer-directory; see {{wkuri-reg}} for the registration
information for this well-known URI.

> The issuer directory and issuer request url SHOULD exist on the same domain. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issuer directory and issuer resources SHOULD be available on the same domain. If
```

an Issuer wants to service multiple different issuer directories they MUST create

> unique subdomains for each so the TokenChallenge defined in 
> {{Section 2.1 of !AUTHSCHEME=I-D.ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme}} can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unique subdomains for each so the TokenChallenge defined in
{{Section 2.1 of !AUTHSCHEME=I-D.ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme}} can be
```
